1. Machine Learning is a program that can learn and predict based on his knowledge acquired by previous data.
2. Types:
    1. Blacklist/whitelist problems, to decrease hard coded evolution entries
    2. An environment that needs to be fast adapted to 
    3. Getting info from large datasets
    4. Problems that can’t be solved through common techniques (like if/else)
3. A labeled dataset is a dataset where you have the output you are looking for, as for example, spam emails, the label would be spam or not spam
4. Regression and Classification
5. Visualisation, Clustering, Association and Dimensionality Reduction
6. Unsupervised learning ( Reinforcement Learning )
7. Clustering if you don’t how the groups behave. Classification if you know how the groups behave
8. Supervised
9.  Learning incrementally (on the fly), by feeding small groups of data sequentially (mini-batches)
10. Out-of-core learning happens when you have a lot of data and you can’t process all at once, so you do it in mini-batches and feed to the online learning
11. Instance Learning
12. The hyperparameter controls the amount of regularisation to apply during learning.  A model parameter controls the parameters that best fit the training data set
13. Model based learning search for a mathematical formula that best fit the training dataset. To improve the model we usually keep training and testing our dataset until we achieve a lower cost function. We use the formula to predict the outcome.
14. Insufficient data, non representative data, poor-quality data and irrelevant features
15. Overfitting. More data, simplifying model, reduce noise (change hyperparemeter?)
16. The test set is used to test the model for data different than we used to train, it’s mandatory to use to see if your model is achieving a good generalisation 
17. To test between models with different hyperparemeters and models.
18. You can overfit the hyperparmeters by testing on the same dataset
19. Cross-validation is splitting the training set into complementary subsets, and each model is trained in a combination of these subsets and validated against the remaining . It’s preferable to avoid overfitting hyperparemeters without the need to separate the validation set
